date=2018-08-24 00:00:00+00:00
title=More Basic Site
template=templates/blog_post.html

Back to basics. This site is now being generated by [sgs](https://github.com/edaniels/sgs). I'm finding it simpler to use than my previous site which was based on [hugo](https://gohugo.io/). Of course this is heavily biased since I just created this tool for creating this exact site; it may work terribly in every other context! Feel free to check the source of this site out at [https://github.com/edaniels/erdanielsdotcom](https://github.com/edaniels/erdanielsdotcom). In general, you point `sgs` at a project directory that will have a config file that contains an entry point, or source file. Using that source file (likely your `index.html`), `sgs` will read in the content and allow you to run code in `<script>`s that contain a `compile` attribute. These scripts have access to a small sandbox that can instruct `sgs` where other files live whereby referencing them causes them to be compiled and output to another destination.

Writing a framework in this way allowed me to write the following to get the most recent blog posts for the front page:
```
<ul id="recent_posts">
<script type="text/javascript" compile>
  content('blog/posts')
    .mostRecent(config.home.blogPostLimit)
    .map(post =>
      $(`<li><a href="${post.baseFileName}.html" compile-ref="${post.relPath}">${post.title}</a> (${new Date(post.date).toLocaleDateString('en-US', {'timeZone': 'UTC'})})</li>`)
    );
</script>
</ul>
```

The last expression of these scripts replaces the script itself. So in this case, we call `content` asking for all the content underneath `blog/posts`. We then get the most recent posts and map them out to list items. The `compile-ref` attribute in the `a` instructs `sgs` that the value of the attribute points to a file that should also be compiled. I admit some of it feels clunky so far but it feels like a decent starting point.

